Create ui-c8y-1019-7-8-fix-angular-js-breadcrumbs-to-also-work-with-asynchronously-resolved-values.md (#1789)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/ui-c8y-1019-7-8-fix-angular-js-breadcrumbs-to-also-work-with-asynchronously-resolved-values.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fix AngularJS breadcrumbs to also work with asynchronously resolved values

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: AngularJS breadcrumbs updated to work with asynchronous values
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3188
version: 1019.7.8
---

> Fix AngularJS breadcrumbs to also work with asynchronously resolved values

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The AngularJS breadcrumbs component has been updated to properly display breadcrumbs when values are resolved asynchronously. Previously, asynchronously set values would not correctly appear in the breadcrumbs. This update ensures that breadcrumbs will now display as expected regardless of synchronous or asynchronous value resolution.
```
